Yeah. Hell yeah.
Okay. This game I really This game now.
This game is sick. Holy
[Music]
[__] It's giving me like anxiety.
We're getting paid for this. Oh, is
there some kind of like Yeah. Northern
Pike, baby. That's a huge [__] I can't
wait to bludgeon strangers with this
crafted fish. Tier five fish weapon. Who
wants it, dude? I'm wanting the fish.
Look at this piece of [__] I'm ready to
beat dick in with a northern pike melee
weapon. Unicorn samurai. Northern pike
weapon. Beat in an elite dick. Are you
like uh flowing right now? We're smoking
fish scales.
We're out here putting tungsten in
northern pikes. You can't even
comprehend. The ops pulled up, whipped
out my pike. They friendly
now. Can't go through TSA cuz I got a
pike in my bag. They know I'm lethal.
You're just like too good at that.
Jumped in the air, slammed it with a
pike, bludging him to death. He's in the
hospital. Got a big bill now. Die,
[__] Execute with the fist. Boys, this
video is sponsored by Once Human. Once
human just got a huge update with the
visional wheel system, which brings
starfallen versions to the game, where
God just turns off the gravity and
allows you to travel through the sky
like never before. Special elite enemies
will also spawn in the skies that you
will need to defeat in order to earn
gravity crystals, which can be used for
like exclusive crafting formulas,
starfall fur, special animals, and
Starfall inversion morphed deviations.
You can also glide through the sky
faster and even ride and race vehicles
in the sky and even craft like
anti-gravity ceilings in your base to
create some pretty wild bases and
courses. So yeah, this new update's all
about bringing the most fun season to
the post-apocalypse of the once humans
world. So whether you are already a once
human enjoyer or you're new, this is the
perfect time to check out the new update
and try this game. Click the link I got
in the description. Try Once Human on PC
or mobile and enjoy the video. Um, can
you come over here for an moment? Hold
on one second. I reply to my mother. She
text me. Can you tell her I said
something? What? Can you tell her I said
Yeah, I'll tell her. Tell her I said
that. You can trade. You're going to
give me a million of your mats that I
already own. I was thinking about it.
There's 4,000 acid.
Wow, you're a crazy plug. I love this
guy. This guy's sick. You could one deer
hide. Okay, I'm ready. I'm ready for
that trick. This is literally [__]
trim my armor for me, dude. I'll give
you a one deer hide. I trust you. Why
did that go up like that? Are you
[__] kidding me? What my interior
designer doing, bro? Weapon storage.
American cabinet. American cabinet.
Damn, there's a lot of guns in here.
What I want to make, and if I can't, I'm
going to peel my dick off. I want to
make the Northern Pike melee weapon so I
can bludgeon someone with a fish from
the river. That's what I want to do. I'm
going to make this shotgun. Oh, we can
make way better armor, too. Holy [__]
Yeah, that' be crafted. Can I upgrade
it? I'm going to do that now. Yes. Oh,
damn. You can make the banana. How do I
craft a [__] B guitar. Oh my god.
Three full guitars. I didn't mean to
make so many. Dude, this guitar playing.
There's a lot going on here.
Can you hear this? Yeah.
Okay. Keyboard clicking while you're
doing that. Okay. Are you ready? Yeah.
[Music]
How did you figure that out that
fast? Where? It would be Jay. There it
is. Oh my god. It would be Jay. You
genuinely have a very interesting brain
when it comes to music. Oh, it's even
got a bass, dude. Dude.
[Music]
Yeah. Hell yeah.
Okay, this game I really [__] with this
game now. This game is sick. Oh
[Music]
[__] It's giving me like anxiety.
You're getting paid for
this. I got Hello Kitty, bro. Ain't no
way, bro. [__] there. Yo. Hey, buddy.
What can I do you for? Give me a piss
blood smoothie. All right, coming up.
Make it a long pour on the on the piss.
I am jerking this thing off like crazy.
You are sucking some guy's penar hard.
You literally add a bunch of [__] to it.
Oh, I have to have to vigorously shake.
Oh my god. You're making that a very
happy man for piss bloody. That actually
looks like a piss blood smoothie.
Bottoms up. Just hammer before kill a
bunch of entities. Why is there a toilet
on this table? That's a Hello Kitty
[__] F modern toilet. Oh,
take a [__] I'm not even like crapping.
I'm just like chilling. He looks so
happy to receive your piss and [__]
Wandering fox. There he goes. Kangaroo.
Kangaroo. It's going to be the most
autistic space. Proud elk. Proud elk.
Proud elk. Proud elk. Proud elk. Can I
have this? Oh my god. There's a bike
just for you. Like it actually matches
your skin and [__] Dude, look at this.
Your bike is so loud. Yeah, I know. It's
loud as [__] Nice, dude. You can't bike
there. I'm biking your [__] I can
slice.
Oh my god. Holy [__] I got to show you
this when you get back in. I'm looking
at it right now. Yeah, you can [__]
slam somebody. Dude, I'm making a
katana. Let me get around the giant deer
in the Oh, this katana is going to [__]
[__] up. I just want to kill stuff and
things. Bubba, me every day all day. I
get that. I feel that. So intense when
you're just riding and you have the
[__] offer music going. I know. I
feel like I'm doing something way more
important than I really am. Yeah, this
is like a fun area to kill [__] me
pulling up to any neighborhood anywhere.
I don't see anything in the sky. Like if
the no gra Oh [__] the bus thing. Oh, I
forgot about that. Oh my god. Oh, I
squashed a [__] deer on accident.
Hold on. I don't think you can kill it.
I know, but if I stop him, he lets me
ride in his butthole. Oh yeah, I forgot
you can get inside of it. Holy [__]
it's bright as [__] in here. This
thing's going the opposite way, though.
Is like the inside of her blowing up or
something? She's like damaging me. She
queefing. I think she's [__]
herself. Oh, there's guys here. That guy
is trying to catch the bus. Screw you. I
think they're literally spawning out of
her ass. Oh my god. My dude, I think she
started on my bike and broke it. Yeah,
that's my bike on fire up there. Did
she? Oh my god. Oh my god. [__] All
right, I'm following you. Oh, wait. You
can wheelie. Holy [__] You can wheelie.
Oh, damn. I'm a lot cooler than I
thought I was. Oh my god. You can jump
with your bike.
Oh, what the hell? Oh my god. He like
fell off of it. You got me stuck on a
fence. Literally jump, dude. Just jump,
[__] Come on now. Later. We're going
to go fishing cuz I want to beat people
with a fish. Oh, they gave us a map.
[__]
What? You can press R, jump your bike,
and then get off. Like, press R and F.
Like, just so that your character
doesn't go in the sky. There we go. I
wonder if that's like that can actually
damage something. I'm going to go catch
a northern pike. Actually take quite a
bit of damage. Oh, I got one on a hook.
Largemouth black bass. Throw that thing
back right away. Not wondering. Next.
Why is it only black bass in this pond?
Oh, I got a black bass. That's a tiny
little guy. All right. Hell yeah. Did
you say I just got 63 autism? Northern
pike. There he is. Finally. All right. I
can't screw this up. Oh, is there some
kind of like Yeah, northern pike, baby.
That's a huge [__] I can't wait to
bludgeon strangers with this crafted
fish. Tier five fish weapon. Who wants
it, dude? I'm wanting the fish. Look at
this piece of [__] I'm ready to beat
dick in with a northern pike melee
weapon. Unicorn samurai. Northern pike
weapon. Beat in an elite dick. Are you
like uh flowing right now? We're smoking
fish scales.
We're out here putting tungsten ingots
and northern pikes. You can't even
comprehend. The ops pulled up, whipped
out my pike. They friendly now. Can't go
through TSA cuz I got a pike in my bag.
They know I'm lethal.
You're just like too good at that.
Oh my god. You can do the diving samurai
slam with the fish in your hand. Hell
yeah. Oh, also a practical low sentence.
Jumped in the air, slammed him with a
pike, bludging him to death. He's in the
hospital. Got a big bill now. Die,
[__] Execute with the fish, buddy.
Don't give me the chair. Give me the
northern pike. So,
fish execution. Uh, that's a huge [__]
There's a balloon man or something in
the sky. See this guy? For science, I
have I'm going to launch my bike into
his cooter. All right, let's see if this
works. Damn, I'm getting nuked. Holy
[__] I'm dead. There's a balloon dude
over here just like drone striking me.
Oh, that guy. That's the [__] Yeah.
I'm going to launch my bike into his
butthole. Am I lined up underneath him?
Oh, I'm dead. So, you know, there's
something over here is insanely
powerful. Oh [__] Yeah, he's [__] me
up. Holy tits on a shingle. That's
crazy. Hold on. Oh [__] My bike.
Ow. Ow. He hurts. Yeah, that didn't do
[__] What? What are you doing?
Somebody's sucking my butthole over
here. Stop, dude. Damn. What are these
goofy guys doing? Holy [__] Lois. Dude,
dude, I can't see my dick in front of my
teeth. Um, they are freezing me. And
this guy down here, dude.
Just butt [__] I don't Do we have to
take a thing? What the hell was that?
What is this thing? Is that not what you
were fighting? No, I am now though.
Deep [__] It's immune. Okay, so the
flying squid hentai creature is immune
to northern pike damage.
How do you hurt the hentai beast? I'm
getting the [__] out of here. I was
sniping these guys and it took me like a
good eight sniper bullets to kill one of
these dudes. But one slap from a pike
dead fish just instant instant fish
death.
Look at this big over here. Drill head.
I love you. You think I give a [__]
about any of that? Drill head. Oh,
drill. Oh, ouches. Dude, imagine that
going up your cooter. Think about it.
Think about it. I am. The second I
looked at him, that's all I thought
about. I kind of like smacking zombies
up with this fish. Dude, look at my dark
matter northern pike camo. That doing
anything for you? Oh yeah. See how many
head shots I got with this thing. This
looks like you drew all over it. Yeah, I
just scribbled on it with a crayon.
Whoa, there's a huge [__] off to the
right. Let's go per. Look at this fat
bastard. Holy hell. Yeah, that's a got
like a car on his arm. Oh, it's
Chaloohoo. Oh yeah. Eat fish. This is a
big boy right here. I'm just punching
him right in the [__] He's not too
happy. Fishing fish gang. Oh wait, he's
about to make a big big old Oh, what is
he going to do? Oh [__]
Fish butt. A me too. No way, dude. Look
at he's got a camel's dick of health.
Like pike him once. He piked. Yes. Yeah.
He's so mad. Need a nod like that.
Harvest that. What'd you got in there?
What you in here? Give you details. I
got a tactical vest and some acid
crackhead store. Damn, the Pixar lamp
kind of bad. Do I have a double jump or
am I smoking dick out of a dick? Yeah,
we do have double jump. Oh [__] Wa!
Look at this big What is that? What the
hell is that [__] Oh my god. I have no
idea. Is that God himself? I think is
look like lady hands. Is this where
we're supposed to be fighting? means
where I'm supposed to get my dick out.
Okay, manabus. Level 50. Level 50. We
ain't doing nothing to a level 50, I'll
tell you that. Well, your sanity is low
as hell, too. Yeah, and I'm getting [__]
on. I'm getting absolutely sharded on,
brother. That's insane. I'm taking a
little damage. Just shooting her [__]
flowers on her arm. You're low in
health. Oh, got like orbs following me.
What is happening, dude? I'm dead, bro.
Show this footage to a 1202 field
peasant. What the hell? Oh, I took the
gravity tuner and I turned my gravity
off. Like dead dead in the middle of the
three-handed god monster, bro. That's
actually insane. I can see this from
here. It looks insane. I'm doing like
2500 damage per shot. And she like her
health bar is so big. It's doing like
nothing. Uh she can bleed. I see what
you mean. Yeah, this this chick
literally has like 10 million damage or
some [__] If you just shoot her regular
hand with a sniper, it does 47 damage.
Dude, I'm getting bit slapped left and
right. I'm dead again. I'm I'm in the
middle of town. Well, I'll be back. I'm
genuinely curious what you would even
get out of killing this Arby's gift
card.
Drops an IRL Arby's gift card worth
actual money. I'm trying to move our
base over here. Well, the base is in
shooting range of this guy now. So,
well, have we tried whacking her wrist
with a pike yet? I don't know if we can
do that. Watch me. The thing is, yeah,
she's got like this weird like lean dust
around her that drains her sanity in an
instant. Oh, really? Yeah. So, it's like
I can't even get close to her. She's
flailing hard now. What the [__] Is she
smacking you around or something? Yeah,
she saw I ran up with a pike in my hand.
I really want to hit her with the pike
and see if it like one-shots her. I have
a feeling. Am I nuts?
I hit her for eight grand. She healed.
Her health bar is full. What?
That's her arm. Each arm has a health
bar. Oh, no way. Oh, you're right. Each
Each arm has its own health bar. That is
unreal. I did not notice that. Wow. I've
just been shooting the left arm. My name
is a very cool boss fight, but there are
no chance in hell. Boy, ain't no way,
boy. Boy, ain't no way, boy. Sure would
be a shame if she got a hold of me and
like ripped my nuts in half hamburger
style. That would really piss me off.
What is hamburger style from left to
right? Isn't that reading? Hot dog style
is up and down. Wa! She didn't like
that. Pissed her off. Better to be
pissed on than pissed off. Women hate
when you shoot the flowers off their
wrist with a beret of 50 cow. See, the
sniper does like giga damage when you're
close. You're lucky, [__] You're lucky
that we have no patience. Oh my god,
she's still slapping my ass on the way
out. What the hell is that? A frog, man.
What is that [__] I think it was a
briefcase. Oh, that guy looks kind of
scary. I will say one thing, the
character design of this game is pretty
sweet. Oh, dude, I can make him puke.
Look at this [__] Let me puke on a guy.
Oh my god, I one shot him. He p strong
puke. Hey, how much you want to bet I
could puke on this sky jellyfish? Say
that to a Victorian child. Yeah, say
that to a 122 field peasant. Okay, the
gravity got turned off. There's rings in
the sky. Oh, there's like ring. Yeah.
What the hell? Like give you like Oh
[__] Pushing me through the air. I am
flying. Oh my god. Yeah. Holy [__] What
is like the head next to the arm in the
water? What are you saying? Like off the
bottom of the screen. My thing's like
half full. Does my guy need to like
sleep or something? There's sanity.
Sanity. Oh yeah. Do you have a red like
fent needle that you can take? You want
to put that in your eye? Lunacy
stimulant. Yeah. Wa. Got big skulls in
the sky over here. Damn. What is I've
just been standing on this [__]
platform. I've just been flying away.
Damn. And they got Walter's RV. This
kind of looks like a puffer fish with
penis in its mouth. All right, I'm just
saying. Holy [__] This jump is crazy on
Okay, that's kind of badass. I like that
hell of a jump. Oh my god.
You'll see if you can get up to that
grain solo before my [__] ass. Sure. I
bet you can land on this. I bet you can.
Okay. Just fly next to each other on the
birds. I don't even know if I have the
jumping power for that. Oh, I do. Oh,
you got you [__] Did I get like a
draft from you? You suck, dick. I'm
going to kill a deer in celebration.
Yeah, I don't need you. You eight-legged
Chinese man. Eight-legged Chinese bus.
Oh, yeah. There's a bunch of like
floating [__] over here. If you land on
a turbine, tell me that don't look like
puffer fish with wiener in mouth. Tell
me it. Don't land on a turbine. Yeah.
Crackhead directions. Do you see what
I'm saying?
I was like, no way I'm going to see what
he's talking about.
Yeah. Apparently, there was a lot of
pollution in the ocean and the gravity
pulled it out. I don't know who's
throwing away entire buses, RVs,
dinosaur skulls. Yeah, you were right
about the debris here. Shit's turning me
into a liberal. I'm worried about the
environment. Whatever. I don't really
care about the earth until I played once
human. Yeah. Hey, friend. Map. Good. Oh
my god, I did a flip and killed myself.
Holy [__] I keep hitting stuff when I
go on wheelies. Like random nothing.
Yeah, that's what I was doing. I was
holding a perpetual wheel. Oh my god.
Wow. I should not survive that, dude.
There's a there's a purple orb over
here. Did you go in the circle of doom?
Yeah, there's a big guy here. He's level
45 and he looks really angry. I don't
know how to get up there. Did you like
go through the hole? Oh. Oh, wait. Oh,
wait. Holy [__] He killed me. What in
the [__] I'm having to like jump up in
the air and snipe him. Yeah. Using the
gravity to our advantage.
My friend doing that.
Damn, man. He has got a lot of H. I am
dead. Wicked. Oh, I don't know. There's
a giant hole below that. Even I'm eating
puss. She hits in my
mouth. We're going to that monolith
right there. You see that big piece of
[__] coming out the ground? Oh. Oh, the
these guys are [__] level 50. Yeah. I
don't know if this is a good idea at
all, but we going to try. Oh my
god, he just launched a [__] grenade
at me. Wo. Oh. Oh, they got lasers and
[__] They don't want a flying unicorn
in here. That much I understand. Can I
steal their hug? Oh. Oh, there's so many
lasers. Can I take helicopter?
Okay, never mind. 1300 damage is taking
like 5% of their health off. Like a
camel's dick. These [__] are
[__] I will be telling you
this. What is this? Unstable aggression.
That's what I feel when my dinner is
burnt. My ver, why did you want to come
here? Why are you Why are you suggesting
this, my You are the one. You are the
one. Dude, this place is scary. It is.
These enemies are not easy. This may
have been a bad idea. Okay, they can
bleed. Oh, your your shotgun actually
does. [__] Yeah. Oh, this is level 60.
Holy [__] dude. Well, there's no shot.
We're going to have to be It says
recommended four players. Hopefully, I
can katana him to death. What? Let's
play an anomaly game. Not where I
thought we were going to load in. Okay,
I hear some [__] gurgling. What in
the
Oh, you know that doesn't look that
scary, but but he's about to like rip
our anous open. You know it. Oh, it's
like that scene from Spongebob where
Squidward stick his hand out to curt and
everybody's like, "You suck." Oh, he's
got a partner. That one getting like
finger blasted at the bar. What's going
on with that other one?
Let's learn this routine. I would
literally have a heart attack. Why we
need to come in here and kill this? See,
they look like they're having fun. Is
that big tree me? Oh. Oh, mama. Okay.
Holy [__] We went from [__] zero to
100 with this thing. No more dance.
Dance bad. Oh, sweet [__] dude. Well,
no way. God speed. Katana time, I guess.
What? Okay. One. Yeah, my 10 damage.
Oh my god, that is Oh. Oh, we're
supposed to like jump over the [__]
shock wave. I tried to Dark Souls roll
through it. Yeah, you can. You got time.
He waits for us. My mistake. I thought I
could roll through it,
brother. There's no way. Oh, he's Maybe
he's got a weak point on his hand. Look
at his hand. Oh, yeah. That hit 960. Oh,
what am I supposed to do about that
[__] Die, I guess. How did you survive
that? Holy [__] You're insane. Cuz I
keep fully healing. What do you fully
pick me up?
Oh my [__] Just behind me. You can't
use adrenaline shot. Um Yeah, there's no
chance in hell. You're just getting
walled by these. Good luck. Don't eat
it. Don't eat it. Watch this. Oh, sweet
god. Ow. Ow. Damn. Well, yeah, we are
very under equipped. There's a hot
blonde woman over here that we want to
kill and that's what we're going to go
do. Put my my snife in her cooch. Yeah,
her snipe in her koch.
Oh, there's a big spiderw woman. Oh,
damn. I am a sergeant. This game
constantly makes me
horny. Whether it's the dancing trees or
the
spiderwoman. Sorry. Sorry, mommy. Oh.
Oh, okay. That's not horny. Whoa. Whoa.
Yep. Boner gone. Boner strengthened. I
feel like I'm playing like a genuine
horror game now. I'm shooting around
your stupid head and you're taking not
very much damage. Oo, her ass takes a
Her ass is the crit spot. Oh, she Oh,
no. She's pulling me out. Oh, mama. Oh,
ouchies. Honest question. Do you want me
to save you if that happens or do you
want me to let it happen? Oh, can I
shoot her in her crack? That doesn't do
that much more damage. Try your crack.
Oh, 1300. I'm blowing loads on her butt.
Oh, no. Don't cocoon me and suck the
blood out my penis. Oh no. Let this
happen. You throw a molotov on my ass. I
try to kill do with her. Oh yeah, you
kind of want to hit those like purple
globules on her butt. Oh, I know. Yeah,
this could take a pounding.
Sean the butt like for save me this
time. A Oh, I'm plowing in her. Same,
dude. Let's tag team this. Oh, where are
there more eggs? When I'm fat and hungry
at the breakfast buffet.
360 left.
Victory. Victory. Yes, sir. Energy link.
Got a shot. I'm taking it all. All
right. Play Once Human. Try the game.
It's fun. There's a lot. There's
genuinely so much [__] to do in this
game. Very good game. Click that link
down below, baby. All right, guys. I
hope you enjoyed the video. I just want
to thank Once Human again for
sponsoring. Click the link I got in the
description. Try this game out on PC or
mobile. Thanks for watching.
[Music]